# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

I am beginning to feel more comfortable with html structure and the bootstrap grid system.  I was struggling with a couple of the checkpoint requirements, one being the card that spills out of its row on desktop but snaps to order-0 on mobile,  but I  figured out a way to accomplish  it with a media rule, which then assisted me in some text size scaling between desktop and mobile as well.  

I ran into an issue having a tiny side scroll action and for the life of me could not find the culprit, even using debug.  when i would use element selector, it would show the tag as html.  as far as I could tell, I did not  have any stray rows or cols and a single container each for my header, main and footer.

still having issues with justify-content and align-items classes depending on the level of nesting, etc.

I can say absolutely when a struggle issue is figured out it gives a huge burst of YES I CAN DO THIS.  I am looking forward to experiencing this more and more often, once I get past the struggles I am having currently.